In this section we will learn about how to animate HVM elements using CSX.
First we will look at transitions transitions allow us to smoothly change your properties value over
a specified duration of time using these properties.
We can make changes between values more gradual and visually appealing.
CSSA gives us properties to control things like the speed duration and ease type of transitions between
properties.
Then we will learn about animations.
Animations are based on keyframes and we can animate as many of n elements properties as we want as
many times as we want CSSA gives us control over things like speed duration ease type and repeatability
of animations.
After that we will look at 2D animation.
We will cover how to animate the position scale rotation and skew of chainmail elements and 2d.
Finally we will learn about 3D animation 3D animation deals with the x y z coordinate plane as opposed
to the 2d x y coordinate plane CSSA allows us to use the z axis to add depth to our animations by the
end of this section.
You will have a strong understanding of how to animate elements using C Ss you will be able to make
your web pages more exciting and aesthetically appealing by animating their content and the next lecture
we will learn about transitions and see SS.